Clarify the difference between `latest` and `pending` validators (#1616)
hyperledger/besu-docs: docs/private-networks/reference/api/index.md

### `qbft_getValidatorsByBlockNumber`

Lists the validators for the specified block. A block has 2 validator lists associated with it:

1. The validators who were the validators at the time the block was produced
2. The validators who are the validators to produce the next block

In most cases these two lists will be the same. However, when voting has completed to add or remove a validator the validator list for the next block will be different.

Use `latest` or `blockNumber` to retrieve the list of validators who were the validators at the time the block was produced.

> Use the `pending` tag to get a list of validators that will be used to produce the next block.
> 
> Note: when the validator list changes an `INFO` log message is written listing the previous list of validators and the new list of validators.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use `pending` to get a list of validators that will be used to produce the next block.

:::note
When the validator list changes, an `INFO` log message displays, showing the previous list of validators and the new list of validators.
:::
```
